[Music]
I'm in what's going through the laundry
found these new Thomas trip that Downey
tonight
I'm tearing these off with my teeth like
an old school cartoon gonna go honey
Mitch does your daughter's I'm ready you
look beautiful I used to hold that girl
in the palm of my hand
hey let's becoming a woman you're gonna
have to deal with that thanks dad why
are you here you think I'm gonna miss
the most important that if you're young
there's not graduation graduation is for
losers tonight is the first night of our
adult lives I want to go to prom and
lose my goddamn virginity prom night
it's kind of perfect I'm in Julie left
her laptop open
you guys are snooping on our kids all
emojis have a secret meaning Oh
eggplants are dicks this is some kind of
a dick related agreement our girls are
not thinking things through
I may stop them I'm in I'm fully
planning on having sex to me wherever
the night takes us the night's gonna
take us there wherever the wind sails
our ships your ship is going into my
harbor
[Music]
they're generally wwvv what would Vin
Diesel do
hey fastness furious is completely
unrealistic it's not a documentary I get
that
I'll do anything for my daughter what
about chugging contest
bring it no no right we're butt chugging
on the count of three they got a lager
or an IPA cause he's gonna dump matter
oh my god Jesus be spit-roasting himself
are you a team player or aren't you I
just chugged a 40 with my I'm a
team player
[Music]